the father because
persevere effort of the entire season
the now detained and that is very distressing since the descent
and well I enjoyed it a lot because I also had to make a good friend
mrc party then
by this sector
by the state maximum the league enjoys it to the fullest
for now that game we can put a lot of weight of the penalty and everything but good
she will already touch us to other nations
the next minute 91 potosina fans last quite inevitable
impact
and when everything seemed lost p
shinseki a miracle that made the tribune of san luis trujillo our
environment in less than three minutes
think of an axis of a return to the scoreboard giorgi with a goal by marcelo
who added the goal of the miracle that they have called him - yes this only to the
classes had a marked a virtuoso although the opening of the new year with
a low demand
Saragossa
hong kong advanced
colon as is logical with
with the lifting of the body the company to remove the image of the
movie so in the health care services there they have to go
all urgent potosí
in bridge genil
the Italian team
it has to do with palencia the last cut efe the student
respectively so to the petition who wore 30
with the motto that out there
villarreal
how can you control
and this man who had entered the second shot according to the program
tentative question on the other hand has granted by banks
so when he was wondering what is happening there I was here
we are ending up in the zulia channel a few years ago the eleven has left
clear photo robot torture
with it they endanger life
the rose in honor of Monsignor José Luis Mollaghan the mule where they were
uribe but in practice this has not ended match three parties has not
finished fifteen concrete vehicles authorization of pp the life were
tested 1
the pope is contributing by setting the pace to his rivals ramón plans
a cow
during the talk will
with which never in the modern a huge pride relaxation or the veteran
but of course now happens with the veteran but at the last moment
his idea that the moment has not become strong
brown there was not again
because to say now that the exhibitor court no boss my partner
branch because I wanted the team not to come down
good when they enter now what
I now have ten minutes left in half I hated a minute of love
in that game that for me was my life
this to prove that he can play
when the level of the flow asked the time was 4 minutes until a
skillful play that you come in total is over now
and it was up to now I think issue so that the china was not
it was an instant an incision that was known to bounce the protein north
I fonsi the ball bounces I think that the face to the goalkeeper and I have left there of his
good side
I do not smoke museums and until now I stayed work for 20 minutes and a little
to cut him for the whole season he had not played I do not expect it to be real
tournament without playing between the first and the third and save it
proposals